README.md, before:

# Local Boilerplate Add-on

https://build.localwp.com/

## Add-on Generator

There is a [Local Add-on Yeoman Generator](https://github.com/getflywheel/create-local-addon) available.

## Installation

### Clone

Clone the repository into the following directory depending on your platform:

-   macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Local/addons`
-   Windows: `C:\Users\username\AppData\Roaming\Local\addons`
-   Debian Linux: `~/.config/Local/addons`

*You can replace 'Local' with 'Local Beta' if you want to create the add-on for Local Beta.*

### Install Add-on Dependencies

`yarn install` or `npm install`

### Add Add-on to Local

1. Clone repo directly into the add-ons folder (paths described above)
2. `yarn install` or `npm install` (install dependencies)
2. `yarn build` or `npm run build`
3. Open Local and enable add-on

## Development

### External Libraries

- @getflywheel/local provides type definitions for Local's Add-on API.
	- Node Module: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@getflywheel/local-components
	- GitHub Repo: https://github.com/getflywheel/local-components

- @getflywheel/local-components provides reusable React components to use in your Local add-on.
	- Node Module: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@getflywheel/local
	- GitHub Repo: https://github.com/getflywheel/local-addon-api
	- Style Guide: https://getflywheel.github.io/local-components

### Folder Structure

All files in `/src` will be transpiled to `/lib` using [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/). Anything in `/lib` will be overwritten.

### Development Workflow

If you are looking for help getting started, you can consult [the documentation for the add-on generator](https://github.com/getflywheel/create-local-addon#next-steps).

You can consult the [Local add-on API](https://getflywheel.github.io/local-addon-api), which provides a wide range of values and functions for developing your add-on.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: added more information about Local Add-on Generator.

README.md, after:

# Local Boilerplate Add-on

https://build.localwp.com/

## Get Started with the Local Add-on Generator

Get up and running with your new add-on quickly and easily with the [Local Add-on Generator](https://github.com/getflywheel/create-local-addon). It is super simple to set up, and can help you start developing your new add-on in no time!

The generator uses this boilerplate add-on to get you started, making setup easy and fast. The README for the generator also has more information on how to create an amazing add-on for Local, so be sure to check it out!

## Installation

### Clone

Clone the repository into the following directory depending on your platform:

-   macOS: `~/Library/Application Support/Local/addons`
-   Windows: `C:\Users\username\AppData\Roaming\Local\addons`
-   Debian Linux: `~/.config/Local/addons`

*You can replace 'Local' with 'Local Beta' if you want to create the add-on for Local Beta.*

### Install Add-on Dependencies

`yarn install` or `npm install`

### Add Add-on to Local

1. Clone repo directly into the add-ons folder (paths described above)
2. `yarn install` or `npm install` (install dependencies)
2. `yarn build` or `npm run build`
3. Open Local and enable add-on

## Development

### External Libraries

- @getflywheel/local provides type definitions for Local's Add-on API.
	- Node Module: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@getflywheel/local-components
	- GitHub Repo: https://github.com/getflywheel/local-components

- @getflywheel/local-components provides reusable React components to use in your Local add-on.
	- Node Module: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@getflywheel/local
	- GitHub Repo: https://github.com/getflywheel/local-addon-api
	- Style Guide: https://getflywheel.github.io/local-components

### Folder Structure

All files in `/src` will be transpiled to `/lib` using [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/). Anything in `/lib` will be overwritten.

### Development Workflow

If you are looking for help getting started, you can consult [the documentation for the add-on generator](https://github.com/getflywheel/create-local-addon#next-steps).

You can consult the [Local add-on API](https://getflywheel.github.io/local-addon-api), which provides a wide range of values and functions for developing your add-on.

## License

MIT
